In the New Guinea area, our first unit has been in contact with a strong enemy in the southern part of Saramoa since this season.
On June 30, our first unit has been in contact with the southern part of Saramoa.
Our first unit has been in contact with the enemy in a peaceful and priority manner.
In addition, on September 4 and the same day, the enemy has advanced to a unit that is capable of attacking the southern part of Saramoa.
On this side, our 10th Air Force is cooperating with the enemy and attacking the southern part of Saramoa.
Our second unit is also a joint force in both directions and is attacking the enemy in the direction of Prince Harfen.
According to the information we have obtained earlier, we have increased the number of enemy troops to about 2,000, and 14 anti-aircraft guns and thousands of tanks.
In addition, our unit, which was a priority in Saramoa and the northern part of Saramoa, gave a great blow to the enemy and completed the completion of the northern part of Saramoa in the middle of October.
In addition, our unit in the southern part of Saramoa is in battle with the enemy that is specializing in the Ugan-Kun, the upper-right side of the Rangar, and is in battle since October.
The enemy air force in the southern part of Saramoa is about 1,200, and about 1,800 anti-aircraft guns.
The enemy's vanguard is the first to take advantage of the superior air force and to advance the operation step by step while expanding the airspace range by setting up the aircraft base at high speed and controlling it.
Moreover, the enemy fears the priority of our ground force after landing, and is willing to implement the operation with its ground force, while promoting the most military force.